# Build modifications

(c) 2010-2015 University of Manchester <soiland-reyes@cs.manchester.ac.uk>
(c) 2014-2015 Stian Soiland-Reyes <stian@soiland-reyes.com>
(c) 2015 Yannick De Turck



# Package jj2000

 COPYRIGHT:

 This software module was originally developed by Raphaël Grosbois and
 Diego Santa Cruz (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology-EPFL); Joel
 Askelöf (Ericsson Radio Systems AB); and Bertrand Berthelot, David
 Bouchard, Félix Henry, Gerard Mozelle and Patrice Onno (Canon Research
 Centre France S.A) in the course of development of the JPEG2000
 standard as specified by ISO/IEC 15444 (JPEG 2000 Standard). This
 software module is an implementation of a part of the JPEG 2000
 Standard. Swiss Federal Institute of Technology-EPFL, Ericsson Radio
 Systems AB and Canon Research Centre France S.A (collectively JJ2000
 Partners) agree not to assert against ISO/IEC and users of the JPEG
 2000 Standard (Users) any of their rights under the copyright, not
 including other intellectual property rights, for this software module
 with respect to the usage by ISO/IEC and Users of this software module
 or modifications thereof for use in hardware or software products
 claiming conformance to the JPEG 2000 Standard. Those intending to use
 this software module in hardware or software products are advised that
 their use may infringe existing patents. The original developers of
 this software module, JJ2000 Partners and ISO/IEC assume no liability
 for use of this software module or modifications thereof. No license
 or right to this software module is granted for non JPEG 2000 Standard
 conforming products. JJ2000 Partners have full right to use this
 software module for his/her own purpose, assign or donate this
 software module to any third party and to inhibit third parties from
 using this software module for non JPEG 2000 Standard conforming
 products. This copyright notice must be included in all copies or
 derivative works of this software module.

Copyright (c) 1999/2000 JJ2000 Partners.


# Package com.sun.media.imageio

Copyright © 2005 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa
Clara, California 95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.

U.S. Government Rights - Commercial software.  Government users are
subject to the Sun Microsystems, Inc. standard license agreement and
applicable provisions of the FAR and its supplements.

Use is subject to license terms.

This distribution may include materials developed by third parties.

Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo and Java are trademarks or
registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and
other countries.

This product is covered and controlled by U.S. Export Control laws and
may be subject to the export or import laws in other countries.
Nuclear, missile, chemical biological weapons or nuclear maritime end
uses or end users, whether direct or indirect, are strictly
prohibited.  Export or reexport to countries subject to U.S. embargo or
to entities identified on U.S. export exclusion lists, including, but
not limited to, the denied persons and specially designated nationals
lists is strictly prohibited.

Copyright © 2005 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa
Clara, California 95054, Etats-Unis. Tous droits réservés.

L'utilisation est soumise aux termes de la Licence.

Cette distribution peut comprendre des composants développés par des
tierces parties.

Sun, Sun Microsystems, le logo Sun et Java sont des marques de fabrique
ou des marques déposées de Sun Microsystems, Inc. aux Etats-Unis et
dans d'autres pays.

Ce produit est soumis à la législation américaine en matière de
contrôle des exportations et peut être soumis à la règlementation en
vigueur dans d'autres pays dans le domaine des exportations et
importations. Les utilisations, ou utilisateurs finaux, pour des armes
nucléaires,des missiles, des armes biologiques et chimiques ou du
nucléaire maritime, directement ou indirectement, sont strictement
interdites. Les exportations ou réexportations vers les pays sous
embargo américain, ou vers des entités figurant sur les listes
d'exclusion d'exportation américaines, y compris, mais de manière non
exhaustive, la liste de personnes qui font objet d'un ordre de ne pas
participer, d'une façon directe ou indirecte, aux exportations des
produits ou des services qui sont régis  par la législation américaine
en matière de contrôle des exportations et la liste de ressortissants
spécifiquement désignés, sont rigoureusement interdites.
